c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.dll.config
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.pdb
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\t-alkoll\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\bin\Debug\ServiceDefinition.csdef
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\MonAgentListener.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.dll.config
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\WorkerRole1.pdb
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Git\Hackathon2016\Service\HybridSearchSVC\HybridSearchSVC\obj\Debug\WorkerRole1\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
